// Status=review

Menus at top of the main window offer many options for configuration
and operation.  Most of the items are self-explanatory; a few
additional details are provided below.  Keyboard shortcuts for some
frequently used menu items are listed at the right edge of the menu.

==== _WSJT-X_ menu
image::MacAppMenu.png[align="left",alt="Mac App Menu"]

This menu appears on the Macintosh only. *Settings* appears here,
labeled as *Preferences*, rather than on the *File* menu.  *About
WSJT-X* appears here rather than on the *Help* menu.

[[FILE_MENU]]
==== File menu
image::file-menu.png[align="left",alt="File Menu"]

[[CONFIG_MENU]]
==== Configuration Menu
image::config-menu.png[align="left",alt="File Menu"]

Most users of more than one mode prefer to create and use entries on
the *Configurations* menu for switching between modes.  You can
*Clone* the configuration currently in use, *Rename* the clone as
desired, and then make all desired settings for the new configuration.
The easiest way is to start with a working setup for some mode, say
*FT8*. *Clone* it, then select *Configurations | FT8 - Copy | Rename
...*, enter a new name, say *FT4*, and click *OK*.  Then select the
new name from the *Configurations* menu and choose *Switch To*.  When
the new configuration comes up you can change any desired settings:
for example, select *FT4* from the *Mode* menu.  Configurations save
all settings that are normally restored after a program restart,
including which of the defined configurations is currently active.

As well as switching between configurations while running _WSJT-X_ you
can also start the application from the command line in any desired
configuration.  Use the command-line option
`--config <configuration-name>`, or `-c` for short, as in these
examples for configurations `FT8` and `Echo`:

 wsjtx --config FT8
 wsjtx -c Echo

[[VIEW_MENU]]
==== View Menu
image::view-menu.png[align="left",alt="View Menu"]

[[MODE_MENU]]
==== Mode Menu
image::mode-menu.png[align="left",alt="Mode Menu"]

[[DECODE_MENU]]
==== Decode Menu
image::decode-menu.png[align="left",alt="Decode Menu"]

[[SAVE_MENU]]
[[SAVE-WAV]]
==== Save Menu
image::save-menu.png[align="left",alt="Save Menu"]

==== Tools Menu
image::tools-menu.png[align="left",alt="Tools Menu"]

[[HELP_MENU]]
==== Help Menu
image::help-menu.png[align="left",alt="Help Menu"]

===== Keyboard Shortcuts (F3)
image::keyboard-shortcuts.png[align="left",alt="Keyboard Shortcuts"]

===== Special Mouse Commands (F5)
image::special-mouse-commands.png[align="left",alt="Special Mouse Commands"]
